User Experience : Add info regards a stuck scenario caused by k8s issue (#154)
aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator: README.adoc

NOTE: To uninstall you need be logged in as a user with cluster privileges like the `system:admin` user. E.g. By using: `oc login -u system:admin`.

> WARNING: May the `make uninstall` get stuck which is caused by the https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/60538[k8s issue]. You can solve this scenario manually by running `kubectl patch -n mobile-security-service -f deploy/crds/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityserviceapp_crd.yaml  -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":[]}}' --type=merge` and then re-running the `make uninstall`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `make uninstall` may get stuck, which could be caused by the https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/60538[k8s issue]. You can solve this scenario manually by running `kubectl patch -n mobile-security-service -f deploy/crds/mobile-security-service_v1alpha1_mobilesecurityserviceapp_crd.yaml  -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":[]}}' --type=merge` and then re-running the `make uninstall`.
```

Have you experienced this issue before with `make uninstall, and the above command helped? :thinking: I'd have thought it would be the CRs that need to have the finalizers cleared, and not the CRD (which it looks like this command is attempting). I might be reading it wrong.

Author: Yes. The above command will remove the finalizer added by ks8. In the future versions, it will no longer be required.
